We've built our image and pushed it off to Docker Hub.
Again, only required if you're running Docker on your local machine, not if you're running Docker
or Kubernetes on Google Cloud.
Let's move on.
We're going to start to write out our Kubernetes file for the deployment and service to run our test
service.
Back inside, my editor, I'm going to find my infra directory.
Inside the folder.
I'll make a new file called Tickets Double HTML.
Now inside of here, we're going to write out a very familiar looking deployment and service config.
So once again, rather than doing all this from scratch, let's just do a copy paste from our off deployment.
It really is going to be completely identical, except wherever we have the word auth, we're going
to replace it with the word tickets.
So I will open up the auth deployment file.
I'm going to copy the contents.
I'll then go over to the newly created tickets double file.
I'm going to paste this in.
And I'll go through here every single place I see.
I will replace it with tickets.
So I'm going to do one.
To.
Three.
Or.
And five.
So five in the deployment section.
Make sure you have updated all of those as well.
You'll notice that inside of here we've still got a reference to that environment variable of JWT.
Do we need this for the ticket service?
Yes, absolutely.
Because our ticket service, remember, it's going to try to handle authentication by itself.
The ticket service is going to need to decide whether or not a request includes a valid JSON web token.
And we can only validate a token if we have the original key that we created the token with.
So our ticket service definitely needs the JSON web token key.
Okay.
Now that we've done those five updates up here, let's go down to the service itself.
So here's the cluster IP service and we will update one.
To.
Three.
Once I've got that all done, I'll save this file.
All right.
So that's pretty much it.
We are done with writing out that Kubernetes deployment file.
We're now going to move on to updating our scaffold YAML file.
Again, this is all about setting up that file sinking.
I'll find the scaffold yaml file.
I'm going to go down to the bottom.
Let's find out about the art section right here really is our template, to be honest with you.
I'm going to copy that.
And then paste it down at the very bottom.
I'll fix up some indentation.
And then I'm going to update off over two tickets.
It looks like the source right here can stay the same because we still want to sync everything inside
that CRC directory.
So that should pretty much be it for the scaffold yaml file.
I will save this.
Now, the very last thing we have to do, let's make sure that we write out the Kubernetes file for
the MongoDB deployment and the cluster IP service for it as well.
And guess what?
Do you think we're going to be able to copy the authentication Mongo deployment?
Yes, absolutely we can.
It's going to be 100% identical.
So inside the cage directory I'll make a new file called tickets mongo devel html.
I will open up the Mongo deployment file.
I'm going to copy everything inside of here, then go back over to the tickets mongo deployment file
we just created.
I'll paste everything inside and then once again, anywhere we see the word auth, we will replace it
with tickets.
So I will do one.
To.
Three.
For.
Make sure you've got for updates.
I'll then go down to my cluster IP service and I'm going to do update one.
And to.
Okay.
Let's save this and close it out.
Well, that is it.
That is how we would normally create a new service.
Well, almost exactly how we do it.
Obviously, we might not want to do that copy paste of another service because who knows what dependencies
we might be pulling over that we don't actually want or some config or who knows what else.
But at least inside this course, that's how we're going to create a new service.
The last thing I'm going to do is make sure that I can get scaffold up and running successfully.
So I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to find the terminal window running scaffold.
I would recommend you shut scaffold down entirely.
And then after closing it, do a little get pods and make sure that all the different pods actually
do get terminated.
It might take a moment or two so we can run the command a couple of times and eventually.
There we go.
They're all dead.
So I'll then start my scaffold back up with Scaffold Dev.
Now a quick note.
You might see an air start to appear.
It might be a big red air.
It might say something like Cannot pull image or can't find image your dock or ID slash tickets.
If you see an air like that, here's what you should do.
Go back over to your tickets directory.
Rebuild the image manually so inside of tickets rerun that docker build dash t your docker ID tickets
dot.
Run that.
Do another doctor.
Push.
And then after the push is complete, restart scaffold again and hopefully after that the air should
be going away.
So go ahead, give that a shot.
Hopefully everything gets up and running and at some point inside this log, there's a lot of information
inside of it.
Now, we should see something that says tickets to people connected to MongoDB and listening on Port
3000.
Well, it looks good for me.
I do want you to recall we are connecting to MongoDB inside of here.
But remember right now we are connecting to the wrong instance of MongoDB inside of tickets.
If we go back over to our editor, find tickets.
index.HTML.
Remember?
Wrong url right there.
So we need to make sure that we fix that thing up.
Quick pause right here.
Let's continue in just a moment.